---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### Questions for Danna
1. How many open source projects does google contribute to per year?

2. How did you get involved with Open Source at Google?

3. How did you get introduced to Open Source?

###Progress
I claimed the issue on the zulip repository. We met last week to go over closed issues as well as open issues.
We finally picked an issue. I claimed the issue and asked other contributors for relevant source files that are linked to the issue so that we can narrow down possible causes. Once we got the source files, I tried to replicate the issue. Emilio and Adnan suggested it might be an AJAX issue, because the topic of the stream changes but only once you refresh. 
The additional contributions are in the contributions page: I reported another issue, and commented on the one we selected.

 
### Open Data Week
I attended a Python Workshop at Hunter College as part of open data week.
The workshop introduced us to turtle and pandas. I worked with a group of three other people to map New York City parking tickets and see which state got issued the most parking tickets. It was very interesting to see how python can be used to filter data. Pandas is open source, BSD licensed library that provides high performance data structures and data analysis tools. The workshop was intended for people who have never used python before. 

### Contributions this week
My team is working on Zulip and while we were looking at closed issues, I found a problem to the user's fix. They hard-coded the values of the dimensions of the textbox when it should be dynamic. I made an issue documenting the problem, listing the source file and the fix.

https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/8837

I also commented on an issue on Zulip asking for the relevant source files and source code.

https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/8750


