###Humanitarian Open Source Projects
### OPEN MRS
I have been interested in OpenMRS: a community that works together to build the world's leading open source enterprise electornic medical record system.
They work to specifically respond to those actively building and managing health systems in the developing countries. The main mission is to improve health care delivery. 
The project first started to fix a database in Kenya, but it has grown since. I think this project could be classified as having humanitarian aspect because it works toward improving the living conditions and health of the community at large.
Open MRS is community driven. They believ the best ideas come from people with different backgrounds and telnts. They build a community where people can come together and innovate. They believe in harnessing the wisdom of our software development community by creating a safe place to raise concerns, discuss failues, improve existing ideas and solve problems.

### Raspberry Pi in Tanzania
Thanks to open source software, they have been able to bring computers and a library of digital education content to rural schools in Tanzania. 
The Foundation funded a project that is now distributing Raspberry Pi computers with uploaded educational content alongside portable projectors and screens to 56 schools across Zanzibar and Tanzania. 
This helped students in East Africa recieve great opportunities and I believe this works towards a humanitarian cause.

### Team Progress
We are looking at issues that we can work on. 
One of the potential issues is changing the YouTube preview to show the name of the video rather than the link



